The app respects and protects the privacy of all users who use the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and more personalized services, the  app will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. However, the app will treat this information with a high level of diligence and prudence. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, the  app will not disclose this information to external parties or provide it to third parties without your prior permission. The  app will update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When you agree to the  app service use agreement, you are deemed to have agreed to the full content of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is an integral part of the app service usage agreement.

Scope of application

a) User's personal data obtained by a app from a business partner through legal means.

Use of information

a) The  app will not provide, sell, rent, share, or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party unless you have obtained your prior permission, or if the third party and the   app (including   "App affiliates" provide services to you individually or jointly, and after the service is over, they will be banned from accessing all of these materials that they have previously been able to access.
b) The  app also does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or distribute your personal information by any means. Any user of the  app platform is engaged in the above activities. Once discovered, our company has the right to immediately terminate the service agreement with the user.
c) For the purpose of serving users, the  app may use your personal information to provide you with information of interest to you, including but not limited to sending you products and services, or sharing information with our partners. So that they can send you information about their products and services (the latter requires your prior consent).

Information Disclosure

Under the following circumstances, the app will disclose your personal information in whole or in part based on your personal wishes or the provisions of the law:
a) Disclosure to a third party with your prior consent;
b) To share your personal information with third parties in order to provide the products and services you request;
c) Disclosure to a third party or an administrative or judicial body in accordance with the relevant provisions of the law or the requirements of the administrative or judicial bodies;
d) If you have violated relevant laws, regulations or app service agreement or related rules, you need to disclose to third parties;
e) If you are a competent IPR complainant and have filed a complaint, you should be asked by the complainant to disclose it to the respondent so that the parties can handle possible rights disputes;
f) Other app deems appropriate disclosure based on laws, regulations or website policies.

Information storage and exchange

The app collects information and information about you. Stored on the   app and/or its affiliate's servers. These information and materials may be sent to your country, region, or outside the country where the   app collects information and data and are accessed and stored outside the country. And show.

Information Security

a) The   app account has security protection. Please keep your username and password information safe. The   app will ensure that your information is not lost or misused or altered through security measures such as encrypting user passwords. Despite the aforementioned security measures, you are also asked to note that there are no "perfect security measures" on the information network.

Privacy Policy

We do not collect and store in any form any information from your social network or sell it to advertising or other operating agencies.
Personal information

When you share via a social network, you may be required to enter an account password. However, this information is managed by the iOS system. The App does not save the account password in any form. It does not collect and store your social network in any form. Any personal information.

Privacy Policy Terms

By using this App, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this policy, please do not use it. We reserve the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page regularly for any changes. If you continue to use our App for any subsequent changes to the posting of these terms will mean that you have accepted these adjustments.


